yotube guys Carbineers here and today
I'm going to show you a little overview
flyover and a walkthrough of all the
maps of all the new maps of course just
showing you if they're actually
interesting to buy or if you I know
which one will probably be your favorite
just leave a comment on all the videos
there's four maps multiplayer maps i
might do little one about the zombie but
i'm not really good at sony time
actually pretty shit at zombies I never
played um I forgot to do to fly over but
I'll just do that after done or not
there's a little map I would you see
those red parts well basically debts are
not going to do it I might do that the
analyzer to wait 10 second but if you
assume that as long as you're in the
smoke you're not gonna die but when you
run out of the smoke there's he's
freaking knots he's sitting in there
nazi zombies and they're just gonna
shoot you there's there doesn't even
have to be someone else behind their you
know like an enemy but it's just gonna
kill you so yeah I've no idea this
deferred 1 i've no idea if other people
have done this already or if whatever I
just thought of doing this um it's
probably some people that would be come
in handy for them or anything like that
so that's more than enough and you can
yes you can use those little letters
china town letters that's all I gonna
call them this is where you can chew out
kind of espresso its prey as though
that's the part where you can run
through the middle at all should of that
friend is gonna walk around this is not
such a big map so i think i can show
almost everything within like four
minutes hopefully mana cans biatches you
can't go out there and that building if
I'm right this the middle yeah out good
after the bloom butcher a music that's
like books and music
my German isn't that great but yeah
everyone uses these buildings up here
and tries to shoot everyone like takeout
people there and there and if you're a
little lucky and you go sit here and
don't fall out because in your kind of
debt hotel see now you're gonna get
killed like that now I gotta wait 10
seconds now I can do a really quick
flyover now there you go that's the soul
map over here that's it um this thing
it's kind of think I try to make check
when Charlie right I've doing see if I
loosen gets there something best oil and
probably West Germany probably can use
the assume you can use all those things
that's pretty cool no idea why this is
here anyway but it's really useful to
tune it to you i'm not going to jump out
because then i'm going to be tapped arc
remotes for lose bear tears oh yeah this
is like
what should it be just like a beer
whiskey whatever some kind of drinks
wine nah it's not fine right things
whiskey or something like that I'll
something ttttt so yeah that's kinda
there's a flag over here and one on the
other side about behind that building
and there's one flag right there for be
objective I I don't know how to search
and destroy things or I'll just run
through the other like a or C I don't
know which one it is did you guess you
can use his letter to write from there
and here's the other flag normally so it
is ass my first then to walk over and
walk through fly over I check out the
other maps and I'll see you next time
peace